Lightning's medium-duty zero-emission fleet offerings now include Level 2 and Level 4 autonomous vehicle capability Perrone's vehicle-agnostic TONY® AV system is available for all Lightning vehicle orders Perrone's proven Lidar-centric autonomous technology a differentiating factor Lightning eMotors  ZEV -13.2% + Free Alerts , a leading provider of zero-emission medium-duty commercial vehicles and electric vehicle technology for fleets, and Perrone Robotics have partnered to offer Class 3 - 7 commercial fleet customers self-driving, electric fleet vehicles that can be deployed for a wide range of dedicated uses.  This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509005106/en/  LIVE NOW ON YOUTUBE: How Pro Traders Profit During a Market Crash & How to Be Ready to Buy the Next Dip Click Here Now to WATCH >>     361.8K TaxChat - Get Ready For Tax Season Next Stay.   A Lightning electric van equipped with Perrone Robotics' autonomous driving system goes through its paces at Perrone's proving ground in Crozet, Virginia (Photo: Lightning eMotors)  The partnership expands Lightning's zero-emissions EV platform offerings to include Perrone's AV-powered technology, TONY®, a vehicle-independent retrofit kit designed to enable vehicles to transport people and goods in geo-fenced and dedicated driving routes. Vehicles equipped with Perrone's self-driving technology embedded into Lightning's vehicles for both cargo and passenger uses can be ordered immediately.  "We were looking for partners who could deliver autonomous capabilities to our customers today, and in the future — and that's what Perrone offers," Lightning eMotors CEO Tim Reeser said. "We offer perhaps the widest range of electric commercial vehicles in North America, and now we have an autonomous vehicle solution for our products, ranging from ambulances to campus shuttles and other commercial applications."  PIDC, Philadelphia's public-private economic development corporation, is the first Lightning eMotors customer to purchase a self-driving, all-electric shuttle powered by Perrone's TONY AV kit. Pennsylvania's first AV shuttle will provide transportation services to visitors and employees within the Philadelphia Navy Yard, a 1,200-acre dynamic, urban development centrally located in the popular waterfront business campus. Lightning and Perrone are in active discussions with a number of other potential customers as well.  Perrone is a leading provider of AV technology and turnkey vehicle solutions. The company holds a Pioneer Patent for its "MAX" general purpose robotics operating system, which is the backbone of its TONY solution. Together with MAX, TONY is one of the most flexible and adaptable AV solutions available in the current market. Perrone's AV retrofit kit can be integrated into new vehicles and can also be integrated into existing, repowered vehicles.  "A lot of electric vehicle manufacturers are focused on just one vehicle size, and in many cases it's a bespoke custom platform," Perrone Robotics, Inc. founder and CEO Paul Perrone said. "But that's not how we operate at Perrone – our partnership with Lightning is an example of how we want to make a bigger impact. Lightning's wide range of vehicles is aligned perfectly with the way we want to help foster the widespread adoption of self-driving technology."  Initially, Lightning will deploy Perrone's technology into two product categories, including fully autonomous Level 4 application environments with dedicated routes such as college campuses, and Level 2 applications for high-end visual and safety features for commercial vehicles. Currently, Level 4 vehicles can only operate in geo-fenced areas, but demand for this use is rising as campuses, logistics yards, downtown business districts, resorts, and other organizations and municipalities seek EV/AV solutions.  Level 2 autonomous vehicles are also seeing rising demand, especially for transit vehicle operators, who can benefit from the state-of-the-art safety features, including lane-keeping capability, adaptive cruise control and forward collision avoidance. All of these features are now available among Lightning's platform offerings and will be powered by lidar technology, fused with radar to add an additional layer of redundancy that's important for all Lightning applications.  "Our customers are telling us they want this technology and now we can deliver it. These vehicles are ideal for college campuses, downtown business districts, vacation resorts and for large logistics yards," Reeser said. "And, thanks to our partnership with Perrone, we stand alone as the only all-electric commercial vehicle provider that can offer Class 3 – 7 medium-duty vehicles that are fully autonomous and are certified by the departments of transportation, local transit agencies and other commercial organizations."  A video of a Lightning electric van equipped with Perrone Robotics' autonomous system can be found here: https://link.assetfile.io/4njY9uifJsHAg1BPHcR52q.mp4.  About Lightning eMotors  Lightning eMotors  ZEV -13.2% + Free Alerts , based in Loveland, Colorado, has been providing specialized and sustainable fleet solutions since 2009, deploying complete zero-emission-vehicle (ZEV) solutions for commercial fleets since 2018 – including Class 3 cargo and passenger vans, Class 4 and 5 cargo vans and shuttle buses, Class 4 Type A school buses, Class 6 work trucks, Class 7 city buses, and Class A motor coaches. The Lightning eMotors team designs, engineers, customizes, and manufactures zero-emission vehicles to support the wide array of fleet customer needs including school buses and ambulances, with a full suite of control software, telematics, analytics, and charging solutions to simplify the buying and ownership experience and maximize uptime and energy efficiency. Lightning eMotors also offers charging technologies and "charging as a service" (CaaS) to commercial and government fleets via its Lightning Energy division. To learn more, visit https://lightningemotors.com.  About Perrone Robotics, Inc.  Perrone is a leading provider of fully automated vehicle systems. The company delivers mobility excellence via TONY® (short for "TO Navigate You"), a vehicle independent retrofit kit for use in the automated transit of people and goods in geo-fenced and localized operations. TONY embeds inside any vehicle type or model, for any job application to provide a complete "artificial driver" solution that brings full autonomy in a safety certifiable framework. Proven, piloted, and in commercial production, Perrone automated systems help commercial, municipal, and governmental customers increase transportation efficiencies, enhance safety, and accelerate zero-emission electric vehicle deployment. The company also offers a portfolio of existing turnkey automated shuttles and vehicles pre-integrated with the TONY AV-Retrofit kit. Learn more @ www.perronerobotics.com or follow us @perronerobotics.  Forward-Looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, Lightning eMotors' expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions, plans, prospects or strategies regarding the future business plans. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words "anticipate," "believe," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intends," "may," "might," "plan," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," "should," "would" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the management of Lightning eMotors in light of their respective experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and their potential effects on Lightning eMotors as well as other factors they believe are appropriate in the circumstances. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting Lightning eMotors will be those anticipated. These forward-looking statements contained in this press release are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to be materially different from any future results or outcomes expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors include, but are not limited to: (i) those related to Lightning eMotors' operations and business and financial performance; (ii) the ability of Lightning eMotors to execute on its business strategy and grow demand for its products and revenue; (iii) the potential increases in costs or shortage of materials required to develop and manufacture Lightning eMotors' products; (iv) the potential severity, magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic as it affects the business operations, global supply chains, financial results and position of Lightning eMotors and on the U.S. and global economy; (v) current market conditions and federal, state, and local laws, regulations and government incentives, particularly those related to the commercial electric vehicle market, and the regulation of autonomous vehicles; (vi) the size and growth of the markets in which Lightning eMotors operates; (vii) the mix of products utilized by Lightning eMotors' customers and such customers' needs for these products; (viii) market acceptance of new product offerings and whether this will be a catalyst for others to purchase electric vehicles and (ix) the rate at which customers deploy its electric vehicle. These and other risks are described more fully in Lightning eMotors' filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and other documents that it subsequently files with the SEC from time to time. Moreover, Lightning eMotors operates in a competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks may emerge from time to time. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved, if at all. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should any of the assumptions being made prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Lightning eMotors undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
Hitzinger Brings Automotive and Self Driving Expertise to Arbe

TEL AVIV, Israel, May 9, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Arbe Robotics Ltd. 
ARBE
-10.4%
+ Free Alerts
 ("Arbe"), a global leader in next-generation Imaging Radar Solutions, announced today that Alexander Hitzinger, former VW Group Senior Vice President of Autonomous Driving and a member of the management board of Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles, has joined as a member of Arbe Board of Directors. Hitzinger brings automotive and self-driving expertise to Arbe.

"Alexander Hitzinger is joining Arbe's Board of Directors with unparalleled experience in the highest positions of the automotive industry. For the past two decades, Alexander has been in the heart of decision making in some of the world's leading automotive and new mobility firms, including Volkswaggen and Apple. His expertise spans nearly every area of the industry, from business to architecture, design, and engineering." says Arbe Chief Executive Officer, Kobi Marenko. "We are honored to welcome Alexander to Arbe's Board, and look forward to revolutionizing the radar industry and building a safer autonomous future together."

LIVE NOW ON YOUTUBE: How Pro Traders Profit During a Market Crash & How to Be Ready to Buy the Next Dip Click Here Now to WATCH >> 




At VW Group, Hitzinger led the Self Driving development, was a Member of the Management Board of Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles, and later served as Chief Executive Officer of Artemis GmbH, where he was the Chief Architect of the revolutionary new vehicle concept for next generation autonomous mobility for their flagship-product Audi Landjet. Prior to his role at VW Group, Hitzinger held the position of Head of Product Design for Autonomous Transportation at Apple, where he was responsible for building and leading the automotive team at the company. He was also the Technical Director and Chief Engineer for the Porsche 919, which was the winner of 24 hours of Le Mans and the World Endurance Championship for three consecutive years. Hitzinger also serves as a Board Member and Advisor to multiple technology companies in the United States and Israel.

"I am very keen on advancing autonomous technologies, and it is clear to me that Arbe's solution is nothing short of vital for the delivery of safe driver assist solutions and for the achievement of autonomous driving," Hitzinger says. "I have been extremely impressed with Arbe's team of experts and visionary leadership, and I am excited to join Arbe's Board of Directors and to contribute to the revolution the company is leading in sensing technology."

About Arbe

Arbe 
ARBE
-10.4%
+ Free Alerts
, a global leader in next-generation 4D Imaging Radar Chipset Solutions, is spearheading a radar revolution, enabling truly safe driver-assist systems today while paving the way to full autonomous-driving. Arbe's imaging radar is 100 times more detailed than any other radar on the market and is a mandatory sensor for L2+ and higher autonomy. The company is empowering automakers, tier-1 suppliers, autonomous ground vehicles, commercial and industrial vehicles, and a wide array of safety applications with advanced sensing and paradigm-changing perception. Arbe is a leader in the fast-growing automotive radar market that has an estimated projected total addressable market of $11 billion in 2025. Arbe is based in Tel Aviv, Israel, and has an office in the United States.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, both as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words "expect," "believe," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "anticipate," "project," "may," "should," "strategy," "future," "will," "project," "potential" and similar expressions indicate forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Statements that are not historical facts, including any statements relating to the future market and Arbe's position in the market described are forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider the risk factors and uncertainties described in "Risk Factors," "Operating and Financial Review and Prospects" "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" and the additional risk described in Arbe's annual report on Form 20-F, as well as the other documents filed by Arbe with the SEC. Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate only to the date they were made, and Arbe does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made except as required by law or applicable regulation.
The "Autonomous Vehicle Market by Level of Automation, Application, Drive Type, and Vehicle Type: Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2021-2030" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.  The global autonomous vehicle market was valued at $76.13 billion in 2020 and is projected to reach $2,161.79 billion by 2030, registering a CAGR of 40.1% from 2021 to 2030.  North America dominates the market in terms of revenue, followed by Europe, Asia-Pacific, and LAMEA. However, Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at a significant rate during the forecast period, due to an increase in demand for advanced vehicles across the region.  LIVE NOW ON YOUTUBE: How Pro Traders Profit During a Market Crash & How to Be Ready to Buy the Next Dip Click Here Now to WATCH >>      In addition, the autonomous vehicle market has witnessed significant growth in recent years, owing to rapid technological advancements, significant infrastructure investment, an increase in collaboration between vehicle manufacturers and tech firms, and the emergence of new business models & ecosystems. For instance, in October 2019, Volkswagen AG announced the expansion of the automotive business by the foundation of Volkswagen Autonomy GmbH in Munich & Wolfsburg as a center of excellence for autonomous driving from Level 4, VWAT solutions for automated vehicles.  Furthermore, Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA) signed a partnership agreement with the Cruise Company, a subsidiary of General Motors, to operate Cruise autonomous vehicles in the Emirate. The company would offer taxi and e-Hail services in the Emirate by the end of 2022. In addition, the adoption of vehicle sharing services such as cars or taxis is anticipated to use automated vehicles frequently due to affordability & convenience. For instance, Audi opened up its "Audi on-demand" model, where passengers can choose the premium service and avail themselves of the additional benefits the platform provides. Hence, the modernized regulatory environment & shift of people thinking toward social, technological, and economic attitudes create lucrative opportunities for the autonomous vehicles market during the forecast period.  The autonomous vehicle market report is segmented into level of automation, component, application, propulsion type, vehicle type, and region. Depending on level of automation, it is segmented into level 3, level 4, and level 5 automation. By component, it is fragmented into hardware, software, and service. As per application, it is classified into civil, defense, transportation & logistics, and construction. According to propulsion type, it is divided into semi-autonomous and fully autonomous. On the basis of vehicle type, it is bifurcated into passenger car and commercial vehicle. Region wise, the market is analyzed across North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and LAMEA.  Factors such as improvement in safety, reduction in traffic congestion, growth in connected infrastructure, and transition from ownership to mobility-as-a-service (MaaS) supplement the market growth across the globe. However, factors such as high manufacturing cost and data management challenges hinder the market growth around the world. Conversely, factors such as development of smart cities and supportive government regulations create ample opportunities for the market growth during the forecast period.  Key Findings Of The Study  By Level of Automation, the L3 segment is expected to register a significant growth during the forecast period Depending on application, the Defense segment is anticipated to exhibit significant growth in the near future On the basis of drive type, the fully autonomous segment is anticipated to exhibit significant growth in the near future On the basis of vehicle type, the commercial vehicle segment is projected to lead the global autonomous vehicle market owing to higher CAGR Asia-Pacific is anticipated to register the highest CAGR Covid-19 Impact Analysis  The COVID-19 crisis is creating uncertainty in the market by slowing down the logistics services, hampering business growth, and increasing panic among the customer segments Governments across different regions announced total lockdown and temporarily shutdown of industries, leading to the border closures that restricted the movement of transportation & logistics services The global business outlook has changed dramatically post COVID-19 health crisis Moreover, the overall service activities of market players have declined, owing to a drastic fall in demand in the cash usage to avoid the risk of contamination As per the current scenario, the world is getting back on track slowly with the new restriction and policies along with a significant recovery in product sales across the retail sector These factors may assert a positive influence on the autonomous vehicle market to support the economic activities across all industries The key players operating in the global autonomous vehicle market are AB Volvo, BMW AG, Daimler AG, Ford Motor Company, General Motors, Honda Motor Co., Ltd., Nissan Motors Co., Ltd., Tesla, Inc., Toyota Motor Corporation, and Volkswagen AG.
